In many analog clocks, the hours are represented with Roman numerals. So far, all is normal. What is curious, 
however, is that in many of these clocks, the number 4 is represented not as IV but as IIII. There are many 
hypotheses regarding this. One of them is related to symmetry: in order for the circumference to be divided 
into 3 equal parts, one with all numbers starting with I, another with all starting with V, and the third with 
all starting with X. Another hypothesis, partly historical and partly legendary, is that in the 14th century, 
King Charles V of France commissioned a clock for the tower of the Royal Palace of France. When it was finished, 
known today as the clock of La Conciergerie, the king reprimanded the clockmaker for using IV instead of IIII, 
believing it to be incorrect. Although the clockmaker tried to explain the Roman numeral system, the king simply said: 
"I never make mistakes." The clockmaker, fearing for his life, and considering that the king was known as "the wise," 
decided to change the IV to IIII and concede to the king's claim.

Regardless of the reason, let's assume that a particular clock factory follows this standard for purely economic reasons: 
By using IIII instead of IV, the factory needs 20 I's, 4 V's, and 4 X's. Given that the symbols are manufactured with a mold, 
this factory saves resources by using a single mold to create 7 symbols at once: 5 I's, 1 V, and 1 X.

Since the symbols must be manufactured separately and then applied to the clock, only four uses of the mold are required 
per clock with no waste. Note that if the 4 were represented as the traditional IV, the only way to produce all the symbols 
necessary for a clock would be with a giant mold of 17 + 5 + 4 symbols (and apparently, having such a large mold is too costly). 
Now, suppose other factories have had to redesign their clocks, not using the ordinary Roman numeral system but defining 
their own variations. Given the required quantities of each of the three symbols, how many symbols does the smallest mold 
(as in the previous case, a mold can be used more than once) need to produce a clock without any waste?

Input:
The first line of the input contains the number 𝑁 of cases, no more than 1000. The following 𝑁 lines each contain 
three positive integer values separated by spaces, representing the quantities of each symbol required to make a clock. 
These values will not exceed 1𝐸10.

Output:
The output should contain 𝑁 lines, each showing the number of symbols in the smallest possible mold required 
to manufacture a clock.

Example:
Input
4
20 4 4
12 12 12
7 6 5
35 10 15

Output
7
3
18
12