The Bermuda Triangle is a geographical area of approximately 1.1 million kmÂ² shaped like an almost equilateral triangle, 
located in the Atlantic Ocean between Miami, Puerto Rico, and the Bermuda Islands.

The first documented mention of this place was in 1950 when Edward Van Winkle Jones, a journalist from Associated Press, 
wrote about some lost ships there. In that article, he mentioned that some disappearances of ships, planes, and small boats 
were "mysterious." He also gave this area the nickname "Devil's Triangle." Then, in 1964, the writer Vincent Gaddis coined 
the term "Bermuda Triangle" in an article in the American magazine Argosy. The following year, he published the book 
"Invisible Horizons: The True Mysteries of the Sea," which included a chapter called "The Deadly Bermuda Triangle." 
Later, in 1974, the mystery turned into a real myth thanks to Charles Berlitz, a science fiction writer, who published 
the bestseller "The Bermuda Triangle," where he copied much of Gaddis' text and compiled cases of disappearances 
(heavily manipulated and misrepresented), mixed with falsehoods and flagrant exaggerations.

On the other hand, the triangle of n-sums is like the one shown in the figure. The idea is to place 9 different 
positive integers such that the sum of each side is equal to ğ‘›.

For example, if the 9 numbers correspond to the values from 1 to 9, a possible arrangement of them when ğ‘› equals 20 is:

Input:
The input starts with a line containing a positive integer ğ¶(1â‰¤ğ¶â‰¤100), which corresponds to the number of test cases. 
Then, ğ¶ lines follow, one for each test case. Each case consists of 10 positive integers separated by spaces. 
The first of these 10 values corresponds to ğ‘›(10â‰¤ğ‘›â‰¤500), while the other nine correspond to the different numbers 
that can be arranged (without repetition) in the figure.

Output:
The output should have ğ¶ lines, each containing the number of different arrangements of the numbers that meet the 
property for the corresponding test case. If there is no arrangement that satisfies the condition, a 0 should be displayed.

Example:
Input
2
20 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
100 19 18 17 16 25 14 13 12 11

Output
288
0
 