A few decades ago, phones were very different from those we have today, not only because of their sound quality 
and size but also in how numbers were dialed. Pulse dialing was the standard dialing system from the 1920s until 
it was progressively replaced by tone dialing or DTMF (Dual-Tone Multi-Frequency) from the 1960s and 1970s. 
However, its use persisted in many parts of the world for several decades due to the slow modernization of 
telephone networks. In Colombia, for example, as in other Latin American countries, this system was in use 
until well into the 1990s, especially in rural areas or those with outdated infrastructure.

In pulse dialing, each of the ten digits is encoded in sequences of up to ten pulses (hence its name), 
and the most common device for producing these pulses was the rotary dial, like the one shown in the photo. 
Depending on the length of the rotation, one or more pulses would be emitted over a second. The digit 1 would 
emit one pulse in one second, the digit 2 would emit two pulses in one second, and so on, with the peculiarity 
that 0 emitted 10 pulses. Between digits, there would be a pause until the user rotated the dial again.

If the pause between digits were also represented by one pulse, dialing the phone number 123, for example, 
would correspond to one pulse (digit 1), followed by one pulse for the pause, followed by two pulses (digit 2), 
followed by one pulse for the pause, followed by three pulses (digit 3), i.e., eight pulses in total.

Let’s suppose we have a total number of pulses corresponding to a dialing sequence, but we don't have them 
separated by seconds. How many different phone numbers could correspond to this total?

For example, if the total number of pulses is 3, it could correspond to phone numbers 11 or 3.

Whereas, if the total number of pulses is 5, it could correspond to phone numbers 111, 13, 22, 31, or 5.

Input
The input begins with a line containing the number C of test cases (no more than 1,000). Then follow C lines, 
each starting with the total number N of pulses (1 ≤ N ≤ 10,000).

Output
The output should contain C lines, each with the number of possible phone numbers. Since this number may be very large, 
the result should be calculated modulo 1,000,000,007.

Example:
Input
4
1
3
5
10

Output
1
2
5
55