In broad terms, in a game of this type, each player has a set of cards, where each card represents a resource 
(usually a creature/object/technique/battle magic), and they use them in turns, leveraging their attributes 
(typically attack and defense power) to determine the winner. Enthusiasts of these games will say that it's 
much more sophisticated, but for the purpose of this problem, that description will suffice.

An additional feature of some of these games is that the cards can be combined (for example, fusing two creatures 
to obtain a new, more powerful one). Well, it turns out that some algorithm enthusiasts created their own battle card game. 
Pretty cool, by the way. In this version, each card has only two attributes: the card identifier and its power level. 
Both are positive integers; the identifier is unique (no two cards share the same identifier), while the power level 
may be repeated. The game does not use turns; instead, given the number 
ğ‘
N of cards a player holds, the player must determine how to fuse them, two at a time, until only one card remains. 
The following rules apply:

A player's deck must be strictly ordered in ascending order according to the card identifiers.
Two cards ğ´ and ğµ can only be fused if they are consecutive (next to each other) considering this order.
When fusing two cards ğ´ and ğµ, the identifier of the resulting card will be the maximum between the identifiers of 
ğ´ and ğµ. Meanwhile, the resulting power level will be equal to the sum ğ‘† of the power levels of ğ´ and ğµ, 
plus the number of divisors of ğ‘†. For example, if card ğ´ has identifier 10 and power level 5, and card ğµ has identifier 11 
and power level 9, the resulting card's identifier will be 11, and the power level will be 18 (since ğ‘†=5+9=14, 
and 14 has 4 divisors).
So now you know, instead of "trusting in the heart of the cards" to determine how to play, program an algorithm that 
guarantees you a win.

Input
The input begins with a line containing the number ğ¶ of test cases (no more than 5). Each test case begins with a 
line containing an integer ğ‘ (1 â‰¤ ğ‘ â‰¤ 50) indicating the number of cards. This is followed by ğ‘ lines, 
each containing two integers separated by a space, representing the identifier and power level of the corresponding card. 
Both integers are positive and less than 1000.

Output
The output should have ğ¶ lines, each with the resulting power level of the optimal fusion scheme.

Example:
Input

2
2
10 10
11 11
3
20 2
30 4
10 1

Output
25
13